**This moment,**

    Lin Fan was dumbfounded. He didn't know if it was a coincidence, but in any case... this was big trouble!

    The refrigerator-face woman also sensed something was off and strode towards Lin Fan.

    Watching the unreasonable refrigerator-face woman get closer and closer, Lin Fan instinctively recoiled. Although this was already a foregone conclusion, well... people need dreams to have the motivation to move forward. Maybe it's a misunderstanding?

    The refrigerator-face woman sat directly opposite Lin Fan and said expressionlessly, "Excuse me, are you Lin Fan?"

    "Huh?"

    Lin Fan cautiously said, "Miss... you might have mistaken me for someone else. My name is... Lin Jinfan, not Lin Fan."

    The refrigerator-face woman glanced at Lin Fan and said calmly, "My name is Liu Yun'er. Let's just go through the process. Order food, eat, split the bill, and leave. Let's begin the procedure now."

    At this moment, Lin Fan's scalp was tingling. What kind of thing had he encountered? She was practically an emotionless robot.

    Afterwards, Lin Fan ordered a steak, while the refrigerator-face woman ordered spaghetti bolognese. The two ate their lunch in silence. Several times Lin Fan wanted to ask about her basic requirements, but in the end, he held back. This face was too terrifying!

    Actually...

    Honestly,

    Liu Yun'er was very beautiful, but unfortunately, she was too aloof, so cold that it was impossible to get close.

    Huh?

    Her surname is Liu? The curator's surname is also Liu? Could there be a connection?

    Just then,

    Liu Yun'er took out a notebook and a pen from her bag and placed them beside her. Then, while taking small bites of her spaghetti bolognese, she held the pen and wrote something.

    Lin Fan was quite curious. He cautiously leaned his head over and glanced at it. It turned out to be a problem about scattering in quantum mechanics.

    Actually,

    This problem was very simple. As a top genius who had won the Nobel Prize in Physics in the past, he could understand it with a glance. Directly using the scattering amplitude calculation formula, or using the Gaussian integral formula, could yield the same differential scattering cross-section.

    But what made Lin Fan curious was... what exactly did this refrigerator-face woman do? Why was she calculating a scattering problem in quantum mechanics?

    Looks like she has a high level of education!

    In less than five minutes,

    Liu Yun'er calculated the final value. When she was about to close her notebook, she noticed that the man opposite her had been staring at her notebook, his brow furrowed, as if he was pondering something.

    "You seem to be... wrong!" Lin Fan blurted out abruptly.

    "..."

    "What did you say?" Liu Yun'er was taken aback, a hint of surprise briefly appearing on her face, but she quickly returned to normal and asked, "You said I'm wrong?"

    "Yeah!"

    "You seem to have calculated it wrong." Lin Fan said with a wry smile, "Why don't you double-check?"

    Liu Yun'er looked at Lin Fan, carefully sizing up this man, and sternly questioned, "Do you know what I'm doing?"

    This...

    It's not like she's researching atomic bombs, making it seem so serious.

    "Isn't it just a problem of using adiabatic approximation to calculate the scattering cross-section of particles in a potential V=Ae^(-r^2/a^2)?" Lin Fan said impatiently, "A particle of mass m moves in a repulsive potential V=Ae^(-r^2/a^2). Use adiabatic approximation to find the differential scattering cross-section, determined up to a multiplicative constant."

    Hearing these words,

    Liu Yun'er was completely stunned for several seconds. When she came back to her senses, she found that the man opposite her was cutting his steak. At this moment, Liu Yun'er wondered if she had just hallucinated.

    Reopening her notebook, she looked at the calculation process again, this time Liu Yun'er was particularly careful. The result... was indeed as the man in front of her had said. She had made a calculation error in a certain step, leading to a deviation in the final answer.

    "What do you do?" Liu Yun'er asked seriously.

    "Me?"

    "I'm a librarian in some library, a temporary worker." Lin Fan said nonchalantly, "The salary isn't very high, after deducting social security, it's about three thousand yuan a month. And I don't have a car or a house, currently renting a small apartment outside, about twelve hundred a month. In short... we are not suitable for each other."

    Liu Yun'er frowned and asked sternly, "I'm not asking about that... I'm asking why you know about the scattering problem."

    Lin Fan put down his knife and fork, picked up the napkin beside him, gently wiped his mouth, and said casually, "It's not a difficult problem, why so many whys... It's not me bragging, but you only used the scattering amplitude calculation formula. Actually, there's another way to solve it."

    "Gaussian integral formula."

    "Is that what you wanted to say?" Liu Yun'er said expressionlessly, "The calculation process is a bit complicated."

    "..."

    "Complicated?"

    "Not complicated at all." Lin Fan said with a smile, "Paper and pen!"

    Liu Yun'er looked at Lin Fan, then handed her notebook and pen to him.

    After taking the paper and pen,

    Lin Fan began his calculation process. At the same time, he set his phone's calculator app to scientific calculator mode. And just like that... he began his smooth and flowing calculation process, a scene that gave Liu Yun'er quite a shock.

    In less than three minutes,

    Lin Fan used the Gaussian integral formula to obtain the same differential scattering cross-section as Liu Yun'er, and the time he spent was even shorter.

    "Here!"

    "I'm going to work."

    Returning the paper and pen to Liu Yun'er, Lin Fan hurriedly left. By the time Liu Yun'er came back to her senses, he was long gone.

    He...

    Is actually a library manager?

    And temporary?

    Liu Yun'er fell into confusion. Lin Fan had solved the scattering problem so easily, causing some collapse in Liu Yun'er's worldview. When did a temporary worker at a library solve a scattering problem in quantum mechanics effortlessly?

    However, Liu Yun'er was not in a hurry to figure out who Lin Fan was. Anyway, she had his number on hand, she could always find him.

    Afterwards,

    Liu Yun'er planned to leave the restaurant. Just as she got up from the table and took a few steps, the waiter behind her suddenly called out to her.

    "Miss!"

    "You haven't paid yet."

    Liu Yun'er was taken aback. She thought Lin Fan would have paid the bill, but turns out... she was overthinking it.

    At the cashier,

    Liu Yun'er opened her WeChat payment code. She remembered that she only ordered spaghetti bolognese, about seventy-eight yuan. However... it showed that two hundred yuan had been deducted.

    "I only ordered spaghetti bolognese, less than eighty yuan, why are you deducting two hundred?" Liu Yun'er questioned expressionlessly.

    "It's like this, Madam."

    "Your companion, the gentleman sitting opposite you, he didn't pay."

    Instantly,

    Liu Yun'er's face darkened. That guy named Lin Fan was not only a hit-and-run driver, but also suspected of fraud!

    ......