Finally back at the library,

    Lin Fan hadn't even sat down to rest when Liu Zhongtao seemed a bit anxious and immediately asked, "How did it go? How did it go? Little Lin, what do you think of that girl? Can you settle things down? When are you getting married? When are you planning to have kids? Do you want a boy or a girl?"

    "Now that the two-child policy is in place, you might as well have two. Speaking of which, have you thought about where to buy a house? Have you planned out the kids' schooling?" Liu Zhongtao paused, then continued, "To avoid any unforeseen complications, how about you get engaged first?"

    Huh?

    This… this is already starting with engagement and then kids?

    Lin Fan was speechless, a wry smile on his face, and said, "Uncle… you're going way too fast, aren't you? We haven't even gotten to first base yet, and you're already arranging for kids. Besides, maybe we're not meant to be, and we'll probably only see each other this once in our lives."

    Liu Zhongtao looked at Lin Fan, remained silent for a long time, and then said, "Let me see your palm."

    Lin Fan was taken aback for a moment, then obediently extended his right hand.

    "Men left, women right!"

    "Oh…"

    Lin Fan then extended his left hand.

    Looking at Lin Fan's palm, the uncle pondered for a long time, then slowly said, "Your love life is quite complex…"

    "Huh?"

    "What do you mean?" Lin Fan asked curiously.

    "It means your romantic experiences are a bit bumpy, kid." Liu Zhongtao sighed, and said helplessly, "Maybe my skills are too shallow, and I can't understand your palm reading."

    After saying that,

    Liu Zhongtao continued, "Since you and her are not meant to be, then forget about it. Forced melons might quench your thirst, but they're not very sweet. Next time, Uncle will introduce you to a good girl, one that's both thirst-quenching and sweet!"

    "Oh…"

    "By the way, Uncle, who is she to you? You and she seem to share the same surname, Liu," Lin Fan asked.

    Liu Zhongtao opened his mouth, but no words came out. He then said helplessly, "Don't ask about that… Anyway, my relationship with her is not ordinary. Just focus on your work… and don't slack off, ah. There have been many complaints about you recently. If this continues… I might not be able to protect you."

    "Got it."

    Lin Fan responded perfunctorily and then slumped into his chair.

    Looking at his lackadaisical, half-dead appearance, Liu Zhongtao sighed… Little Lin is actually good in every way, except for this lazy demeanor that's hard to accept. In fact, he looks very energetic, what's popularly called a "spirited young man" these days. But the moment his butt hits the chair, his whole body becomes like he's paralyzed…

    But to be fair,

    Since Lin Fan came to work here, he hasn't made a single mistake. He's very meticulous and always able to spot minor problems. This is commendable.

    Actually,

    Logically speaking,

    As a transmigrator with a head full of knowledge, Lin Fan should be able to achieve something in a short period of time, but he hasn't done so. Lin Fan doesn't want to walk the same path he walked in the past. He just wants to coast through life and wait for death now.

    He doesn't make a lot of money, but it's just enough. He goes to work every day and just slumps, slumping until it's time to get off work. Then he returns to his apartment and enters slump mode again, slumping until the next morning, starting a brand new day of slumping.

    I have to say,

    This kind of effortless, salted fish life is simply addictive!

    At the same time,

    Liu Zhongtao returned to his office, took out his phone, and flipped through his contacts until he found a number. He hesitated for a long time but eventually dialed it.

    It connected…

    "Hello?"

    "How was that young man today?" Liu Zhongtao asked anxiously, "Was he alright?"

    "…"

    "Dad!"

    "Let me ask you something, is Lin Fan really just a temporary worker at the library?" the person on the other end asked seriously.

    Liu Zhongtao was taken aback, then said helplessly, "On his resume, he filled in high school diploma… so he can only be a temporary worker. But education doesn't define a person's whole life. Lin Fan is a very detail-oriented person, and his interpersonal skills are also very proper. I have a pretty good impression of him."

    "High school?"

    "He only has a high school education?" The voice on the other end carried a hint of disbelief, but quickly turned into a cold snort, "Liar!"

    Liu Zhongtao frowned and said helplessly, "He didn't lie to you about anything, how can you call him a liar? Speaking of which, Xiao Yun, you're not getting any younger, you should find someone. Your mother is worried sick about you, and come home to live, will you?"

    "I'm hanging up!"

    *Click!*

    The call was abruptly ended, leaving Liu Zhongtao sighing helplessly at the sudden dead tone. Having a daughter like this… is truly exhausting!

    Does she not know what level she's at?

    A Great Sage of Singledom!

    Before long, she'll be at the top of the pyramid—King of the Leftovers!

    Thinking of this, Liu Zhongtao felt a chill in his heart.

    …

    In the afternoon,

    Lin Fan, as usual, sat there spacing out, occasionally handling book borrowing for students. Another day passed by in this muddleheaded way.

    Locking the library doors, then hopping on a bus, and then getting off at a certain intersection. For the past two months, Lin Fan had been repeating yesterday's events almost every day.

    At the entrance of the apartment building, Lin Fan hadn't walked a few steps when he saw a figure ahead. Roughly 1.65 meters tall, with wavy long hair, but this back view was a bit aloof, like a walking refrigerator.

    It felt a bit familiar,

    Like he had seen this woman somewhere before.

    Perhaps this was just the hippocampus effect. The so-called hippocampus effect is just the result of the interaction between the perceptual system and the memory system in people's brains. In modern psychology, it might be because too much information is received without paying attention to the source of the information. Some are real, some are illusory, and then they are brought into real life.

    Walking up the stairs to the third floor, he ran into that girl at the stairwell corner. She seemed to have been waiting for a long time.

    "What do you want?" The girl looked at Lin Fan, her face devoid of any expression.

    "Holy crap!"

    "It's you?" Lin Fan widened his eyes, his eyeballs almost popping out, "You… why are you here?"

    That's right,

    Lin Fan had encountered his blind date from the daytime… Liu Yun'er.

    "I also want to ask you, why are you here?" Liu Yun'er said with a dark face, "Are you stalking me?"

    Stalking you?

    Am I so bored that I have nothing better to do?

    Stalking a refrigerator…

    "How could I be stalking you? I live in room 304 of this apartment building." Lin Fan took out his keys and said to Liu Yun'er in front of him, "If you don't believe me, come with me… I'll prove to you that I live here."

    As soon as he finished speaking,

    Lin Fan hurried to his room door, inserted the key, and pushed the door open. The moment the door was pushed open, Lin Fan breathed a sigh of relief, finally clearing his name of the false accusation. He turned back to Liu Yun'er and said, "See… I'm innocent!"

    "…"

    "Oh…"

    Turning around,

    Liu Yun'er went to room 305, directly opposite Lin Fan's room, inserted the key, pushed the door open, and then walked into the room, leaving Lin Fan standing at the door with a face full of bewilderment and helplessness.

    This…

    No way?

    She… she actually lives across the hall?!

    …